WIP [ADD] module sale_business_provider (#1448)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_business_provider/README.rst

   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fserver--ux-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/server-ux/tree/14.0/sale_business_provider
    :alt: OCA/server-ux
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/server-ux-14-0/server-ux-14-0-sale_business_provider
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/250/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module adds a field *Business Provider* on sale orders.

> A "Business provider" is a medelmann hwo simply create a link between

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A "Business provider" is a middleman who simply create a link between
```

a contact and your company to achieve a commercial transaction.
He/she will be exclusively paid in the percentage of actual net margin on each

> commercial transaction.

Reviewer: Too specific and not done in this module. Can be quoted as example of business practice.
